gh-62480: De-personalize "Partial mocking" section in `unittest.mock` examples (#141321)
python/cpython: Doc/library/unittest.mock-examples.rst

Partial mocking
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> For some tests you may want to mock out a call to :meth:`datetime.date.today`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For some tests, you may want to mock out a call to :meth:`datetime.date.today`
```

> to return a known date, but you may not want to prevent the code under test from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to return a known date, but don't want to prevent the code under test from
```

> creating new date objects. Unfortunately :class:`datetime.date` is written in C, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
creating new date objects. Unfortunately :class:`datetime.date` is written in C,
```

so you cannot just monkey-patch out the static :meth:`datetime.date.today` method.

> A simple way of doing this involves effectively wrapping the date

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, you can effectively wrap the date
```

> class with a mock, but passing through calls to the constructor to the real

Reviewer: ```suggestion
class with a mock, while passing through calls to the constructor to the real
```
